---
layout: post
title: My goals at Bloc
---

For someone starting in a coding bootcamp, their goals might seem obvious. Sure, I have the same basic goal as anybody else: **learn to code**. But my ultimate goal isn't only to be able to code, it is to be confident that I can code, to be confident that I belong in the workforce as a software developer.

Even working as a graphic designer for six years, I still wrestle sometimes with whether I feel confident about my skills on the open market... so gaining confidence in my skills and avoiding *imposter syndrome* isn't exactly an easy task!

Focusing on some smaller goals first...

* **Learn the following languages/frameworks**
	* Javascript
	* Angular
	* Ruby
	* Rails
	* SQL

* **Build applications on both front and backend from the Bloc curriculum**
	* Pretty basic. Ideally, the curriculum will help me build a strong foundation of knowledge in software development.

* **Continue to build additional features onto apps**
	* I plan to revisit the curriculum projects to refine and add features in order to continually hone my skills. Reviewing previous projects will be beneficial to see my progress and implement better coding practices I've picked up along the way.

* **Contribute to open source projects**
	* Contributing to open source software will be extremely beneficial in reviewing and learning from other developers' code, as well as building confidence that I can add value to others' work.

* **Build my own applications**

I think as long as I can successfully reach each of these goals during my time at Bloc, having confidence in myself as a software developer won't be a problem!